Improve documentation for running jobs with Argo/GPT4o (#568)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/running-jobs/job-and-queue-scheduling.md

## <a name="Troubleshooting-Common-Errors"></a>Troubleshooting / Common Errors

If you receive a `qsub: Job rejected by all possible destinations` error, then check your submission parameters. The issue is most likely that your walltime or node count do not fall within the ranges listed above for the production execution queues. Please see the table above for limits on production queue job sizes.

> **NOTE:** If you receive a job ID but you cannot find your job with `qsub`, then this may be a submission parameter issue. This can happen for batch submission because the job is being accepted into the routing (`prod`) queue. The routing/`prod` queue's parameters are more broad since it needs to accommodate for all three production queues (`small`, `medium`, & `large`). The prod routing queue accepts the job, generating a job ID. Depending on what is going on with the system, the routing may or may not occur before the qsub returns (i.e., if the queues are backed-up the routing queue can't route the job before the qsub returns). If the routing is delayed then a job ID is returned, and routing is completed later. Since the qsub has ended then there isn't a way to inform the user that this has been rejected by all routing destinations. If you run a qstat on the jobid, it will return `qstat: Unknown Job Id <jobid>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! bug "Job missing from queue"

    If you receive a job ID but you cannot find your job with `qstat`, then this may be a submission parameter issue. This can happen for batch submission because the job is being accepted into the routing (`prod`) queue. The routing/`prod` queue's parameters are more broad since it needs to accommodate for all three production queues (`small`, `medium`, & `large`). The prod routing queue accepts the job, generating a job ID. Depending on what is going on with the system, the routing may or may not occur before the `qsub` returns (i.e., if the queues are backed-up the routing queue can't route the job before the `qsub` returns). If the routing is delayed then a job ID is returned, and routing is completed later. Since the `qsub` has ended then there isn't a way to inform the user that this has been rejected by all routing destinations. If you run a `qstat` on the `jobid`, it will return `qstat: Unknown Job Id <jobid>`.
```
